Publish minutes of 2026-02-26 meeting (#956)
hober/web-extensions: _minutes/2026-02-26-wecg.md

 * [tomislav] I got a Visa response already.
 * [rob] Don't forget to apply for an ETA - https://www.gov.uk/eta
 * [simeon] We will discuss the topics later today at issue 951.

[Issue 954](https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/issues/954): Proposal: dom.didPerformAutoFill()

 * [kiara] Our authentication experience team mentioned that the browser did not know that a field was autofilled by an extension. Proposal to allow extensions to let the browser know that the field was auto-filled.
 * [oliver] I let the autofill people on our side know about this. Stephen and Christoph on our side.
 * [david] In Safari, what we would do, is setting the pseudo-selector autofilled so that the styling is applied, and also to not offer to save credentials filled in from another password manager.
 * [stephen] Stephen, from Chrome's Payments team. Have heard of this topic one hour ago and decided to join. FYI there is an autofill group. Upcoming meeting next Wednesday, March 4, encourage you to join and participate. Apple folks - speak to Ricky on your end.
   * https://www.w3.org/community/autofill/
 * [christoph] Extensions in Chrome, UI clashes?

>  * [oliver] On UI clashes, our extension API allows extensions to turn off saving, but that does not disable auto fill so that password saved in the browser continue to be saved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * [oliver] On UI clashes, these are still a problem today. Our extension API allows extensions to turn off saving, but that does not disable auto fill, as if we already have an existing password for a site we want to make sure the user knows.
```

 * [christoph] Race conditions? Who would win?
 * [oliver] This API would not help with the UI. But the extension would enable the browser to decide to not show the autofill UI if the extension had filled something.
 * [david] We also considered just allowing extensions to set the autofill pseudoclass, but felt that it is not that strong of a signal.

>  * [oliver]

Author: @oliverdunk What was said here? I did not capture it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * [oliver] I wonder if password managers would want to use our styling or their own brand styling. Can anyone from a password manager speak to this or the proposal more generally?
```
